# Contributing

## React Native WinRT Development

The following documentation is intended for developers who wish to contribute to the React Native WinRT project.
See the [dev](dev) folder for the collection of documentation or follow these links for specific information:

* [Repo layout](docs/dev/layout.md) - Important files/folders and what they are used for.
* [Projections](docs/dev/projection.md) - Brief explanation of what gets generated by the projections & their purpose.
* [Releases](docs/dev/releases.md) - Brief explanation of the branching strategy and how new releases are published.

## Contributor License Agreement
This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to
agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to,
and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit
https://cla.microsoft.com.

For documentation regarding development, testing, and publishing, please see [here](docs/DEVELOPMENT.md).

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need
to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the
instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repositories using our CLA.

## Code of Conduct
This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/)
or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
